Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture and this lecture.
We're going to test our model.
Okay.
All right.
So let's recap what we have done in the previous lectures and the previous lectures we were able to
train our model.
So we teach actually our modern using our extreme and whiteread and we're able to apply in our aggressor
using the Filter By applying the method.
And then he was able to simply obtain our slope and our y intercept as well Kate and we had this kind
of a little bit of a mini challenge comparing the intercept when it's set to true.
And we set the false and let's actually go ahead and set it to true first because we're going to test
our model now.
Let's run all the cells again.
And now we actually saw the value for the way intercept which makes sense.
Let's go ahead and test our model.
OK.
So in order to test our model or going to do here they're going to say okay I'm going to use I wanted
aggressor which is ours.
This is basically our team country model.
If we use the Predict method on our aggressor we can go ahead and pass along our Instead of training.
Going to pass along our testing them and say okay X test and then simply we're going to be our.
I'm sorry.
That's simply all going to be our.
Why predicts.
So again here we have regressive dog predict X test and that should determine the premiere and this
premera Begin to be out.
Why predict then what we could do.
Can compare the Y predict to the action y value which is why underscored tests.
So simply put why test that out to actual data points.
Okay why predict.
That's kind of the best fit that the model was able to oppty take less action on this.
Let's take a look at why predict.
Let's see what's what does it look like why underscored predicts that strong it.
And this is simply our alpert's.
These are our output from the training data.
If we take a look at why test that's our data that should you know that the two values that were able
to obtain from the testing data.
Okay let's go ahead and actually plot simply our training and our testing to compare the results so
to do here is a game to use our IMET put the scatter function in a smoky dot scanner scatter.
Then we're going to pass along our X underscored T and I'm going to pass on why tree an We're going
to set let's say the of let's say to red.
Okay that's good.
Section on that right there where we plot our data for us.
This is simply all our data exchange waiting.
I haven't done anything yet.
Now we want to plot outline one plot out aggressive.
How can we do that.
I'm going to say skip the P.A. dot plot and all going to do here.
There's going to say okay we're going to pass along all our extreme again.
That's on the x axis.
Same points seem extreme.
But instead of plotting the whity while going to do here we'll get a plot the predictions coming out
of the model.
Okay.
What do you mean.
Let's see how can we do it first.
Going to get aggressive.
Dot predicts n.
Going to pass along our exchange.
And let's actually call it college equates to let's say Blue Ray.
So what happened here.
Here we simply say okay I'm going to plot here.
Our true data is these are two points here.
We plotted the outcome of the output from our outer model.
So again plot exchange versus whatever just coming out of our aggressor.
I'm going to use extreme.
Run the model.
The mother in.
Why.
And that will get to be y kind of Y predict.
Let's run that.
And that's pretty much it.
That's the state line that we where that model has been able to obtain.
Looks pretty good.
Actually that's no longer a very great fit.
I want to point out a data point.
Or we could do here just to make the graphics a bit pretty messy skip plot plot realty go to y label
and we could pass along why you will get to be our revenue.
Let's say that will be in dollars.
Four of them are going to say p l t dart's X label and that would be our temperature SH Let's say units
in degree.
In degrees C K looks good and can give it a title as well plot title.
I could say for example revenue.
In dollars versus our temperature.
Okay.
And kind of call it as well to specify that that's for our team indeed.
A very key point very important.
Well it's from that first so let's run it again.
Here we have our temperature at our Xed label.
What we wrote here.
We have old why build revenue in dollars and yet we have revenue versus temperature for the TV deal.
Very important point a key element here is that we're just using the taining data set and we have an
visualize the testing data set yet.
Let's go ahead and visualize our testing data set.
So what world going to do here.
They're going to again I'm going to be our kind of mini challenge when I'm asking you to do is please
go ahead.
And I wanted to use the exact same code.
Okay.
Two visual testing beta said instead of the training data set.
OK.
I hope you guys were able to solve the challenge.
Please go ahead and pause the video and I'm going to be back right after the challenge.
All right.
I hope you guys were able to figured out the challenge so well ask you to do is simply plug the exact
same graph but using the testing data.
So we're going to do it and say okay go here copy and come.
He had controller V4 paste an organ to do he is going to plot instead of the training.
I'm going to say Okay.
And I plug the testing x test versus Y test and he's not going to use sort of X I'm going to use X desks
and he's going to say OK get aggressive dog predicts instead of passing along the extreme.
We're going to pass along our next guest.
We have our revenue.
Temperature hasn't changed everything versus temperature.
And they'll be for our testing.
Testing data.
Right.
Let's try that and see what's going to happen.
Okay.
Looks great.
So first of all first observation is OK.
This decline was actually a great choice.
That's a full step even for the testing.
The key element here is that you see the point here of so many.
Right.
Why.
Because that's kind of you know 75 percent of the need for the testing.
Points out a little bit less why.
Because there's only 25 percent of the deed because that's how we divided the data before.
Right.
Okay.
And why you can see here this Dateline was actually a pretty good fit even for both for training and
for testing as well which means or indicates that's that's a great was a good choice to start with.
The last point that I wanted to say.
Let's assume that one of you know to utilize the models.
Now I have the model.
How can a applauded that modelling and practice what it could do and say okay why.
Predicts Okay equal is too aggressive.
That's simply our teen model kind of like a package within that aggressive object to mistake.
Dog predicts and here can literally pass along any value you want.
So you can say okay that's for example simple.
So what you guys can do is you can say okay that's my sample sample temperature.
Let's call it simple t key section to underscore smpte and let's say there will be whatever temperature
let's say for example it's 35 degrees.
So this is 35 degrees C what you could do going to say Okay.
Go ahead here.
Now I have my train model then it can predict but he the Predict method on our team model and pass on
any value any value you want the mother will go.
Then predict the expected revenue.
And that's the power of machine learning.
Now once it's been the model that it can use it to whatever value.
Even then for example the 35 sample that if I'm the grisi wasn't seen by the model during training or
during testing which is great.
Let's run that.
Let's take a look at why underscored predicts if you run it and that's it that's our expected revenue.
So for example let's say if you run the exact same model for example your company and someone came and
tell you Okay let's test that model for example let's say 45 degrees C and I say a 45 and let's run
it run it and the expectation is a thousand and 1000 dollars.
If I had the grisi the explications down 1000 dollars makes sense what you could do as well.
And that's kind of again another minute challenge I'm asking Les to do.
Let's select three values.
Okay.
So going to say okay sample t we're going to select it to see values pick whatever values you want and
test our model.
Get me please three revenues corresponding to this temperature.
Please go ahead and pop a video and see you after the challenge.
All right.
You guys were able to figure out the challenge yourself so I ask you to do is simply pick three parameters.
Let's assume they're going to pick For example 10 I'm going to pick 20 and I'm going to pick 30.
So first there were going to pick let's say 10 let's sit on it run it and 10 etches in the rate down
to 60.
Makes sense.
Greg please go ahead change it to 20.
And when you're up to 20 that will generate around for 473.
Makes sense to granstedt it to 30 percent run it and 30 will indicate around 600 87 looks pretty good
right.
Actually the way that our mother works.
All right let's recap what we have done so far.
So we have done so far is that we were able to test our model.
So here after we've seen the model we use it to predict We have a clinic method on our aggressive to
give us a kind of worldwide predictions and what we have done here is were able to plot our training
data versus our model and our testing data versus our model and to test as well outmoded for different
values of temperatures to kind of predict various values for our everyday rates.
I hope he was able to.
I hope you guys were able to enjoy this case study.
I hope you were able to.
All right.
Look you guys were able to figure it out of the challenges along the way.
I hope you're able to find you know the case study useful and informative and see you again in future
case studies.